So now, we're gonna be jumping to
an exercise on context, and so
in this exercise we want to do a few
things to actually make our our machine
a little bit more useful than something
that just toggles between play and pause.
So we're going to add the initial
context first for the song title and
artist which could be undefined at first.
The total duration of the song which,
again, we don't know so
it starts at 0 the elapsed value
which is how far along we're at
the in the song which can be 0,
the like status which is a string,
and that like status can be either
unliked or it could be liked.
Oops, liked or it could be disliked.
And yeah,
there's three different values for that.
And then the volume which is a number.
So you're going to add that
initial context into there.
And then we are going to
change some of the actions so
that they're actually
assigning to context.
The assigned song data.
We're going to assume that it takes
an events with type loaded in this data in
the payload, and you're going to
assign the title, artist duration, and
you're going to reset
the elastine like status values.
Try to see how many of these assign
actions you could get to, we're gonna
take a short time to do this and if you
don't get to all of them that's fine,
I just want to get you used to
writing these assigned actions.
So yeah, in this assign time is another
action that's going to be reading directly
from the events, just getting you used
to setting the initial context and
also assigning it via an action.
Keep in mind too,
that when we render this out,
that context is actually read just like
we talked about from states.context and
is used inside the application
to display certain things, and
we'll talk about that after
we're done with the exercise.